Adds directories & email announcement for minor release (#258)
ansible-community/ansible-build-data: docs/ansible-release-announcement/minor-release/announcement-email.md

Release announcement : Ansible Community Package X.0.0

Hello everyone,

We're happy to announce the release of the Ansible X.0.0 package!

Ansible X.0.0 requires latest version of ansible-core a.b and includes a curated set of Ansible collections that provides a vast number of modules and plugins. This is a major release of Ansible.
  
ansible-core is a required dependency, not contained within the ansible packages. Pip install builds the

> dependency, but it can be built and installed quite independently of the "ansible" distribution.
> How to get it
> -------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependency, but it can be built and installed quite independently of the "ansible" distribution.

How to get it
-------------
```

This release is available on PyPI and can be installed with pip:

`$ python3 -m pip install ansible==X.0.0 --user`

The sources for this release can be found here:

Release tarball:

SHA256:

Wheel package:

SHA256:

> Some important details
> -----------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some important details
----------------------
```

Python wheels are now available for both Ansible 8 and ansible-core a.b resulting in significantly improved installation performance.

> In addition, Ansible x no longer installs some unnecessary files from the included Ansible collections such as tests or hidden files and directories to further improve installation performance and reduce the size on disk. These files are still available in the source tarball if necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, Ansible x no longer installs some unnecessary files from the included Ansible collections such as tests or hidden files and directories. This further improves installation performance and reduces the size on disk. These files are still available in the source tarball if needed.
```

> The changelog for ansible-core x.x installed by this release of Ansible x can be found here:

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion applies as prior comment about putting Ansible changelog first etc

Collections which have opted-in to being a part of the Ansible 8 unified changelog will have an entry on this page:

For collections which have not opted-in to the unified changelog, you may find more information on https://galaxy.ansible.com or the collection source repository. For example, the community.crypto collection is available at https://galaxy.ansible.com/community/crypto and you can find a link to the source repository under the "Repo" button at the top right.

> 

Reviewer 2: same comment about considering pointing to docs instead of galaxy

Author: Replaced 
-  https://galaxy.ansible.com with https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections
- https://galaxy.ansible.com/community/crypto with https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/community/crypto/index.html

What's the schedule for new Ansible releases after X.0.0?
---------------------------------------------------------

> 

Reviewer 2: same comment about adding roadmap link

Subscribe to the Bullhorn for all future release dates, announcements, and Ansible contributor community news.

Visit this link to subscribe: https://bit.ly/subscribe-bullhorn

You can find all past Bullhorn issues on the official wiki page:
https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/News#the-bullhorn

Porting Help
------------

A unified porting guide for collections that have opted-in is available here:
https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/porting_guides/porting_guide_8.html

> Getting collection updates from Ansible X with older releases of ansible-core
> --------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting collection updates from Ansible X with older releases of ansible-core
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

> Ansible X includes ansible-core a.b. Based on your requirements, you can get collection updates as they ship in the Ansible "batteries included" package while continuing to use older versions of ansible-core.

Reviewer 2: When the time comes and the group decides on a better way to phrase the ansible-core dependency, this is another place to update it.

Release announcement : Ansible Community Package X.0.0

Hello everyone,

We're happy to announce the release of the Ansible X.0.0 package!

Ansible X.0.0 requires latest version of ansible-core a.b and includes a curated set of Ansible collections that provides a vast number of modules and plugins. This is a major release of Ansible.

ansible-core is a required dependency, not contained within the ansible packages. Pip install builds the
dependency, but it can be built and installed quite independently of the "ansible" distribution.

How to get it
-------------

This release is available on PyPI and can be installed with pip:

> `$ python3 -m pip install ansible==X.0.0 --user`

Reviewer 3: Same as above.

Some important details
----------------------

Python wheels are now available for both Ansible X and ansible-core a.b resulting in significantly improved installation performance.

In addition, Ansible x no longer installs some unnecessary files from the included Ansible collections such as tests or hidden files and directories. This further improves installation performance and reduces the size on disk. These files are still available in the source tarball if needed.

Collections which have opted-in to being a part of the Ansible 8 unified changelog will have an entry on this page:

For collections which have not opted-in to the unified changelog, you may find more information on https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections or the collection source repository. For example, the community.crypto collection is available at https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/community/crypto/index.html and you can find a link to the source repository under the "Repository(Sources)" button.

The changelog for ansible-core a.b installed by this release of Ansible X can be found here: <changelog of ansible-core>.

What's the schedule for new Ansible releases after X.0.0?

> ---------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer 3: RST syntax in Markdown?

Reviewer 4: This is actually MarkDown (CommonMark): https://spec.commonmark.org/0.31.2/#setext-headings

Release announcement : Ansible Community Package x.y.z

Hello everyone,

We're happy to announce the release of the Ansible x.y.z package!

Ansible x.y.z requires latest version of ansible-core 2.15 and includes a curated set of

> Ansible collections that provides a vast number of modules and plugins.

Reviewer 4: Can we revert to the original version, and start discussing this change once this is merged? While the new formulation is technically more correct (when considering Ansible as a pure Python package), it is inconsistent with both how the docsite and the changelog document Ansible.

(Reference: the discussion thread in https://groups.google.com/g/ansible-project/c/bAP_VSgXBiI, and quite a few discussions of this kind in the past, both on the mailing list and during the community meetings.)

Reviewer 2: Is there a place where we will discuss this?

Reviewer 4: I would guess in community-topics, and/or in a PR with a/some proposed changes. Edits should just not be mixed with the initial commit of the currently used templates. Otherwise we end up with a huge mess where it is hard to distinguish between the current versions and edits.

Author: Creating a separate PR.
